1. Call to Order 1:04 pm
	1. Roll Call
		0. Administrative Cabinet
	        0. President - David Nuon: Present
	        0. Vice President - Ian Goegebuer: Present 
	        0. Treasurer - Christopher Gomez: Not Present
	        0. Secretary - Shane Satterfield: Present
	        0. AESB Representative - Victoria Hatfield: Present
	        0. Event Coordinator - Diana Ignacio: Present
		0. Appointed Officers
	        0. Librarian - Anthony Gialcalone: Not Present
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair - Leo Tronolone: Present
	        0. Market Manager - James Coolidge: Not Present
	        0. Historian - Orion Sakorn: Not Present
	        0. Office Technician - Johnny Patterson: Not Present
	    0. Project Managers
			0. Programming Team - Salvador Llamas: Present
	1. Approval of the Agenda
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the Agenda: *[PASS]*
			- First - Victoria: pass 
			- Second - Shane: pass 
			- Discussion: None
		
	1. Approval of the Minutes
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the Minutes: *[PASS]*
			- First - Victoria: pass 
			- Second - Diana: pass 
			- Discussion: None
		
	1. Announcements
		1. ACM-W
			1. Meetings Thursdays at 1pm in ECS 304.
			1. Workshop for Women Engineers at the Beach, in October 26th.
				1. It will be working on the HTML workshop with ACM-Web.
				1. Diana: We will need volunteers to help us with this.
				1. Diana: The practice sessions are not planned for this.
			1. Workshops at highschools on November 5th, 7th. 12th and 14th are possible dates.
				1. Contact chair@csulbwic.acm.org if you are interested.
		1. ACM-Web
			1. Meetings Thursdays at 4:30pm in ECS 304.
			1. They are working on the EAT redesgn and a WDC redesign and a small project on google sites.
		1. Events
			1. codejams on Wednesdays at 5pm to 7pm.
			1. Programming Team, Tuesdays at ECS 416, 5pm to 7pm.
			1. Programming Team, Thursdays at ECS 416, 7:30pm to 9:30pm.
	1. Guest Introductions
	1. Reports
		1. Officer Reports
	        0. President:
	        0. Vice President: 
	        	1. Ian: I need someone to tell me if someone can see the calendar.
	        0. Treasurer: 
	        	1. Boushi: We need a restock.
	        0. Secretary: 
	        	1. Accounts for the wiki
	        		1. Sal: All officers should have accounts to the wiki, if you don't have an account for the wiki, send me an email at secretary@csulb.acm.org
	        0. AESB Representative:
	        	1. Victoria: The E-Week committee is starting soon.
	        	1. Victoria: For the grants, you have to complete a post event form within 30 days.
	        	1. Victoria: There will be cutbacks.
	        	1. Victoria: asi-chiefofstaff@csulb.edu if you need help with grants.
	        	1. Victoria: ACM-W will be doing T-Shirts for ACM and ACM-W. If you want to help out, then email me at the secretary email for ACM-W.
	        0. Event Coordinator:
	        	1. Movie Night
	        		1. Diana: I have submitted the room reservation forms. If it happens it will happen on Fridays, from 7pm to 10pm.
	        	1. Costume Party Game Night
	        		1. Diana: SWE backed out of this.
	        0. Librarian:
	        	1. Boushi: We need to start the book sales near the end of October. It should be on a Monday or Tuesday.
	        	1. David: This will be on the week of the October 22nd.
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair:
	        	1. ENGR 101 Speaking
					1. The Communication Director has emailed out signups. The Communications Director acknowledges that ACM has signed up for ENGR 101 speaking.
						1. David: I just spoke with the Communications Director, ACM-W has yet to sign up for ENGR 101 speaking.
					1. David: This is done.
				1. CECS Speaking
				1. Generic fliers
				1. Replace old fliers.
	        0. Market Manager:
	        	1. David: We need to contact James for restock.
	        0. Historian:
	        0. Office Technician:
	        	1. Theft
					1. Johnny: Frank caught the janitors steal our stock. He also tried to tamper with our camera box.
					1. Johnny: We know who he is and we are just compiling the evidence. He has been reported.
					1. David: This has been taken care of.
				1. Security update
					1. We need to add another camera, and will probably just mount it onto the beam.
					1. Sal: Nathan can help us after Wednesday.
					1. Sal: You can go see Nathan defend his thesis on this Wednesday in ECS-304.
		1. Projects Reports
			1. Daily 49er App
				1. David: I have mock up sketches for the daily 49er app.
				1. If you are interested in the ACM Calendar, contact me at vicechair@csulb.acm.org
				1. Ian: If you want to work on this, install Idea IDE. It is difficult to install, so contact me if you need some help.
				1. Ian: Instead of sending me your schedule, send me when you will be able to work on it, and which project you would want to work on.
				1. Ian: I will figure out what this will be split into this week. Figure out what you want to do, because as soon as we start meeting, we are going to be splitting this up to each person.
			1. Programming Team
				1. We will be sending 4 teams, and we will be gettng 3 rooms for $209.99.
				1. We will be carpooling.
				1. Hotel rooms
					1. Chistopher has found a contact that will get us hotel rooms for cheap.
					1. David: We will be doing this tonight.
				1. Try outs
					1. Sal: Begins next week. The top 12 people who solve the most problems on the online judge will make it on the team.
				1. If you want to compete in the programming team, please let us know. If you want to go, please attend the meetings.
				1. ICPC is on November 10th.
					1. Check in the 9th, check out on the 10th.
			1. Web Portfolio Set
				1. David: I will be doing the same thing that Ian is doing for the 49er app. Splitting it up.
				1. David: I will be writing tests.
				1. David: Tomorrow, I will be laying down what tools we will be using and how this is going to work.
				1. Ian: Send your availability to me.
				1. David: There will be a meeting for this during the codejam.
				1. David: Send your schedules to Ian and I will be coming up with a meeting time. 
				1. David: This is app is beginner friendly.
		1. Committee Reports
			1. Fundraising committee is in the books.
	1. Old Business	
		1. Incoming freshman
			1. David: There are going to be a lot more freshman coming to ACM.
			1. David: I want everyone to start talking to the freshman.
			1. Sal: Everyone should be working on recruiting, not just David and Leo.
			1. David: Make them feel welcome.	
		1. CECS Tutoring.
			1. Sal: There is tutoring Monday through Thursday on many lower division CECS courses.
			1. Sal: The hours and rooms have changed slightly. Check the fliers.
	1. New Business
		1. ACM and ACM-W will shift their meetings for 2 weeks. We will have the meetings in the labs on the 16th, 18th and 23rd of October.
			1. We need fliers for this. These will be special advising meetings.	
			1. The meetings will be in VEC-330 during these days.
		1. Advising meetings for the days that we don't have the room.
			1. The meeting times will be the same, but we will be in one of the computer labs.
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of appointment of Lorbing as Membershipchair: *[PASS]*
			- First - Shane: pass
			- Second - Ian: pass
			- Discussion: None
		
		1. ABET meeting
			1. Sal: ABET accredits our degree to make sure it's worth something.
			1. ABET Internal Report
				1. Sal: Would anybody like to pool together everybody's ideas on the courses?
					1. Refer to committee
			1. ABET will be in the office on October 22nd.
1. Adjournment 1:35pm.